data1:squeez
data1:smoothing
data1:detach
data1:smoothing csv write
data1:smoothing csv write 2
data1:pearson
data2:squeez
data2:smoothing
data2:detach
data2:smoothing csv write
data2:smoothing csv write 2
data2:pearson
data3:squeez
data3:smoothing
data3:detach
data3:smoothing csv write
data3:smoothing csv write 2
data3:pearson
data4:squeez
data4:smoothing
data4:detach
data4:smoothing csv write
data4:smoothing csv write 2
data4:pearson
data5:squeez
data5:smoothing
data5:detach
data5:smoothing csv write
data5:smoothing csv write 2
data5:pearson
data6:squeez
data6:smoothing
data6:detach
data6:smoothing csv write
data6:smoothing csv write 2
data6:pearson
data7:squeez
data7:smoothing
data7:detach
data7:smoothing csv write
data7:smoothing csv write 2
data7:pearson
data8:squeez
data8:smoothing
data8:detach
data8:smoothing csv write
data8:smoothing csv write 2
data8:pearson
data9:squeez
data9:smoothing
data9:detach
data9:smoothing csv write
data9:smoothing csv write 2
data9:pearson
data10:squeez
data10:smoothing
data10:detach
data10:smoothing csv write
data10:smoothing csv write 2
data10:pearson
data11:squeez
data11:smoothing
data11:detach
data11:smoothing csv write
data11:smoothing csv write 2
data11:pearson
data12:squeez
data12:smoothing
data12:detach
data12:smoothing csv write
data12:smoothing csv write 2
data12:pearson
data13:squeez
data13:smoothing
data13:detach
data13:smoothing csv write
data13:smoothing csv write 2
data13:pearson
data14:squeez
data14:smoothing
data14:detach
data14:smoothing csv write
data14:smoothing csv write 2
data14:pearson
data15:squeez
data15:smoothing
data15:detach
data15:smoothing csv write
data15:smoothing csv write 2
data15:pearson
data16:squeez
data16:smoothing
data16:detach
data16:smoothing csv write
data16:smoothing csv write 2
data16:pearson
data17:squeez
data17:smoothing
data17:detach
data17:smoothing csv write
data17:smoothing csv write 2
data17:pearson
data18:squeez
data18:smoothing
data18:detach
data18:smoothing csv write
data18:smoothing csv write 2
data18:pearson
data19:squeez
data19:smoothing
data19:detach
data19:smoothing csv write
data19:smoothing csv write 2
data19:pearson
data20:squeez
data20:smoothing
data20:detach
data20:smoothing csv write
data20:smoothing csv write 2
data20:pearson
data21:squeez
data21:smoothing
data21:detach
data21:smoothing csv write
data21:smoothing csv write 2
data21:pearson
data22:squeez
data22:smoothing
data22:detach
data22:smoothing csv write
data22:smoothing csv write 2
data22:pearson
data23:squeez
data23:smoothing
data23:detach
data23:smoothing csv write
data23:smoothing csv write 2
data23:pearson
data24:squeez
data24:smoothing
data24:detach
data24:smoothing csv write
data24:smoothing csv write 2
data24:pearson
data25:squeez
data25:smoothing
data25:detach
data25:smoothing csv write
data25:smoothing csv write 2
data25:pearson
data26:squeez
data26:smoothing
data26:detach
data26:smoothing csv write
data26:smoothing csv write 2
data26:pearson
data27:squeez
data27:smoothing
data27:detach
data27:smoothing csv write
data27:smoothing csv write 2
data27:pearson
data28:squeez
data28:smoothing
data28:detach
data28:smoothing csv write
data28:smoothing csv write 2
data28:pearson
data29:squeez
data29:smoothing
data29:detach
data29:smoothing csv write
data29:smoothing csv write 2
data29:pearson
data30:squeez
data30:smoothing
data30:detach
data30:smoothing csv write
data30:smoothing csv write 2
data30:pearson
data31:squeez
data31:smoothing
data31:detach
data31:smoothing csv write
data31:smoothing csv write 2
data31:pearson
data32:squeez
data32:smoothing
data32:detach
data32:smoothing csv write
data32:smoothing csv write 2
data32:pearson
data33:squeez
data33:smoothing
data33:detach
data33:smoothing csv write
data33:smoothing csv write 2
data33:pearson
data34:squeez
data34:smoothing
data34:detach
data34:smoothing csv write
data34:smoothing csv write 2
data34:pearson
data35:squeez
data35:smoothing
data35:detach
data35:smoothing csv write
data35:smoothing csv write 2
data35:pearson
data36:squeez
data36:smoothing
data36:detach
data36:smoothing csv write
data36:smoothing csv write 2
data36:pearson
data37:squeez
data37:smoothing
data37:detach
data37:smoothing csv write
data37:smoothing csv write 2
data37:pearson
data38:squeez
data38:smoothing
data38:detach
data38:smoothing csv write
data38:smoothing csv write 2
data38:pearson
data39:squeez
data39:smoothing
data39:detach
data39:smoothing csv write
data39:smoothing csv write 2
data39:pearson
data40:squeez
data40:smoothing
data40:detach
data40:smoothing csv write
data40:smoothing csv write 2
data40:pearson
data41:squeez
data41:smoothing
data41:detach
data41:smoothing csv write
data41:smoothing csv write 2
data41:pearson
data42:squeez
data42:smoothing
data42:detach
data42:smoothing csv write
data42:smoothing csv write 2
data42:pearson
data43:squeez
data43:smoothing
data43:detach
data43:smoothing csv write
data43:smoothing csv write 2
data43:pearson
data44:squeez
data44:smoothing
data44:detach
data44:smoothing csv write
data44:smoothing csv write 2
data44:pearson
data45:squeez
data45:smoothing
data45:detach
data45:smoothing csv write
data45:smoothing csv write 2
data45:pearson
data46:squeez
data46:smoothing
data46:detach
data46:smoothing csv write
data46:smoothing csv write 2
data46:pearson
data47:squeez
data47:smoothing
data47:detach
data47:smoothing csv write
data47:smoothing csv write 2
data47:pearson
data48:squeez
data48:smoothing
data48:detach
data48:smoothing csv write
data48:smoothing csv write 2
data48:pearson
data49:squeez
data49:smoothing
data49:detach
data49:smoothing csv write
data49:smoothing csv write 2
data49:pearson
data50:squeez
data50:smoothing
data50:detach
data50:smoothing csv write
data50:smoothing csv write 2
data50:pearson
data51:squeez
data51:smoothing
data51:detach
data51:smoothing csv write
data51:smoothing csv write 2
data51:pearson
data52:squeez
data52:smoothing
data52:detach
data52:smoothing csv write
data52:smoothing csv write 2
data52:pearson
data53:squeez
data53:smoothing
data53:detach
data53:smoothing csv write
data53:smoothing csv write 2
data53:pearson
data54:squeez
data54:smoothing
data54:detach
data54:smoothing csv write
data54:smoothing csv write 2
data54:pearson
data55:squeez
data55:smoothing
data55:detach
data55:smoothing csv write
data55:smoothing csv write 2
data55:pearson
data56:squeez
data56:smoothing
data56:detach
data56:smoothing csv write
data56:smoothing csv write 2
data56:pearson
data57:squeez
data57:smoothing
data57:detach
data57:smoothing csv write
data57:smoothing csv write 2
data57:pearson
data58:squeez
data58:smoothing
data58:detach
data58:smoothing csv write
data58:smoothing csv write 2
data58:pearson
data59:squeez
data59:smoothing
data59:detach
data59:smoothing csv write
data59:smoothing csv write 2
data59:pearson
data60:squeez
data60:smoothing
data60:detach
data60:smoothing csv write
data60:smoothing csv write 2
data60:pearson
data61:squeez
data61:smoothing
data61:detach
data61:smoothing csv write
data61:smoothing csv write 2
data61:pearson
data62:squeez
data62:smoothing
data62:detach
data62:smoothing csv write
data62:smoothing csv write 2
data62:pearson
data63:squeez
data63:smoothing
data63:detach
data63:smoothing csv write
data63:smoothing csv write 2
data63:pearson
data64:squeez
data64:smoothing
data64:detach
data64:smoothing csv write
data64:smoothing csv write 2
data64:pearson
data64:pearson csv write
data65:squeez
data65:smoothing
data65:detach
data65:smoothing csv write
data65:smoothing csv write 2
data65:pearson
data66:squeez
data66:smoothing
data66:detach
data66:smoothing csv write
data66:smoothing csv write 2
data66:pearson
data67:squeez
data67:smoothing
data67:detach
data67:smoothing csv write
data67:smoothing csv write 2
data67:pearson
data68:squeez
data68:smoothing
data68:detach
data68:smoothing csv write
data68:smoothing csv write 2
data68:pearson
data69:squeez
data69:smoothing
data69:detach
data69:smoothing csv write
data69:smoothing csv write 2
data69:pearson
data70:squeez
data70:smoothing
data70:detach
data70:smoothing csv write
data70:smoothing csv write 2
data70:pearson
data71:squeez
data71:smoothing
data71:detach
data71:smoothing csv write
data71:smoothing csv write 2
data71:pearson
data72:squeez
data72:smoothing
data72:detach
data72:smoothing csv write
data72:smoothing csv write 2
data72:pearson
data73:squeez
data73:smoothing
data73:detach
data73:smoothing csv write
data73:smoothing csv write 2
data73:pearson
data74:squeez
data74:smoothing
data74:detach
data74:smoothing csv write
data74:smoothing csv write 2
data74:pearson
data75:squeez
data75:smoothing
data75:detach
data75:smoothing csv write
data75:smoothing csv write 2
data75:pearson
data76:squeez
data76:smoothing
data76:detach
data76:smoothing csv write
data76:smoothing csv write 2
data76:pearson
data77:squeez
data77:smoothing
data77:detach
data77:smoothing csv write
data77:smoothing csv write 2
data77:pearson
data78:squeez
data78:smoothing
data78:detach
data78:smoothing csv write
data78:smoothing csv write 2
data78:pearson
data79:squeez
data79:smoothing
data79:detach
data79:smoothing csv write
data79:smoothing csv write 2
data79:pearson
data80:squeez
data80:smoothing
data80:detach
data80:smoothing csv write
data80:smoothing csv write 2
data80:pearson
data81:squeez
data81:smoothing
data81:detach
data81:smoothing csv write
data81:smoothing csv write 2
data81:pearson
data82:squeez
data82:smoothing
data82:detach
data82:smoothing csv write
data82:smoothing csv write 2
data82:pearson
data83:squeez
data83:smoothing
data83:detach
data83:smoothing csv write
data83:smoothing csv write 2
data83:pearson
data84:squeez
data84:smoothing
data84:detach
data84:smoothing csv write
data84:smoothing csv write 2
data84:pearson
data85:squeez
data85:smoothing
data85:detach
data85:smoothing csv write
data85:smoothing csv write 2
data85:pearson
data86:squeez
data86:smoothing
data86:detach
data86:smoothing csv write
data86:smoothing csv write 2
data86:pearson
data87:squeez
data87:smoothing
data87:detach
data87:smoothing csv write
data87:smoothing csv write 2
data87:pearson
data88:squeez
data88:smoothing
data88:detach
data88:smoothing csv write
data88:smoothing csv write 2
data88:pearson
data89:squeez
data89:smoothing
data89:detach
data89:smoothing csv write
data89:smoothing csv write 2
data89:pearson
data90:squeez
data90:smoothing
data90:detach
data90:smoothing csv write
data90:smoothing csv write 2
data90:pearson
data91:squeez
data91:smoothing
data91:detach
data91:smoothing csv write
data91:smoothing csv write 2
data91:pearson
data92:squeez
data92:smoothing
data92:detach
data92:smoothing csv write
data92:smoothing csv write 2
data92:pearson
data93:squeez
data93:smoothing
data93:detach
data93:smoothing csv write
data93:smoothing csv write 2
data93:pearson
data94:squeez
data94:smoothing
data94:detach
data94:smoothing csv write
data94:smoothing csv write 2
data94:pearson
data95:squeez
data95:smoothing
data95:detach
data95:smoothing csv write
data95:smoothing csv write 2
data95:pearson
data96:squeez
data96:smoothing
data96:detach
data96:smoothing csv write
data96:smoothing csv write 2
data96:pearson
data97:squeez
data97:smoothing
data97:detach
data97:smoothing csv write
data97:smoothing csv write 2
data97:pearson
data98:squeez
data98:smoothing
data98:detach
data98:smoothing csv write
data98:smoothing csv write 2
data98:pearson
data99:squeez
data99:smoothing
data99:detach
data99:smoothing csv write
data99:smoothing csv write 2
data99:pearson
data100:squeez
data100:smoothing
data100:detach
data100:smoothing csv write
data100:smoothing csv write 2
data100:pearson
data101:squeez
data101:smoothing
data101:detach
data101:smoothing csv write
data101:smoothing csv write 2
data101:pearson
data102:squeez
data102:smoothing
data102:detach
data102:smoothing csv write
data102:smoothing csv write 2
data102:pearson
data103:squeez
data103:smoothing
data103:detach
data103:smoothing csv write
data103:smoothing csv write 2
data103:pearson
data104:squeez
data104:smoothing
data104:detach
data104:smoothing csv write
data104:smoothing csv write 2
data104:pearson
data105:squeez
data105:smoothing
data105:detach
data105:smoothing csv write
data105:smoothing csv write 2
data105:pearson
data106:squeez
data106:smoothing
data106:detach
data106:smoothing csv write
data106:smoothing csv write 2
data106:pearson
data107:squeez
data107:smoothing
data107:detach
data107:smoothing csv write
data107:smoothing csv write 2
data107:pearson
data108:squeez
data108:smoothing
data108:detach
data108:smoothing csv write
data108:smoothing csv write 2
data108:pearson
data109:squeez
data109:smoothing
data109:detach
data109:smoothing csv write
data109:smoothing csv write 2
data109:pearson
data110:squeez
data110:smoothing
data110:detach
data110:smoothing csv write
data110:smoothing csv write 2
data110:pearson
data111:squeez
data111:smoothing
data111:detach
data111:smoothing csv write
data111:smoothing csv write 2
data111:pearson
data112:squeez
data112:smoothing
data112:detach
data112:smoothing csv write
data112:smoothing csv write 2
data112:pearson
data113:squeez
data113:smoothing
data113:detach
data113:smoothing csv write
data113:smoothing csv write 2
data113:pearson
data114:squeez
data114:smoothing
data114:detach
data114:smoothing csv write
data114:smoothing csv write 2
data114:pearson
data115:squeez
data115:smoothing
data115:detach
data115:smoothing csv write
data115:smoothing csv write 2
data115:pearson
data116:squeez
data116:smoothing
data116:detach
data116:smoothing csv write
data116:smoothing csv write 2
data116:pearson
data117:squeez
data117:smoothing
data117:detach
data117:smoothing csv write
data117:smoothing csv write 2
data117:pearson
data118:squeez
data118:smoothing
data118:detach
data118:smoothing csv write
data118:smoothing csv write 2
data118:pearson
data119:squeez
data119:smoothing
data119:detach
data119:smoothing csv write
data119:smoothing csv write 2
data119:pearson
data120:squeez
data120:smoothing
data120:detach
data120:smoothing csv write
data120:smoothing csv write 2
data120:pearson
data121:squeez
data121:smoothing
data121:detach
data121:smoothing csv write
data121:smoothing csv write 2
data121:pearson
data122:squeez
data122:smoothing
data122:detach
data122:smoothing csv write
data122:smoothing csv write 2
data122:pearson
data123:squeez
data123:smoothing
data123:detach
data123:smoothing csv write
data123:smoothing csv write 2
data123:pearson
data124:squeez
data124:smoothing
data124:detach
data124:smoothing csv write
data124:smoothing csv write 2
data124:pearson
data125:squeez
data125:smoothing
data125:detach
data125:smoothing csv write
data125:smoothing csv write 2
data125:pearson
data126:squeez
data126:smoothing
data126:detach
data126:smoothing csv write
data126:smoothing csv write 2
data126:pearson
data127:squeez
data127:smoothing
data127:detach
data127:smoothing csv write
data127:smoothing csv write 2
data127:pearson
data128:squeez
data128:smoothing
data128:detach
data128:smoothing csv write
data128:smoothing csv write 2
data128:pearson
data128:pearson csv write
data129:squeez
data129:smoothing
data129:detach
data129:smoothing csv write
data129:smoothing csv write 2
data129:pearson
data130:squeez
data130:smoothing
data130:detach
data130:smoothing csv write
data130:smoothing csv write 2
data130:pearson
data131:squeez
data131:smoothing
data131:detach
data131:smoothing csv write
data131:smoothing csv write 2
data131:pearson
data132:squeez
data132:smoothing
data132:detach
data132:smoothing csv write
data132:smoothing csv write 2
data132:pearson
data133:squeez
data133:smoothing
data133:detach
data133:smoothing csv write
data133:smoothing csv write 2
data133:pearson
data134:squeez
data134:smoothing
data134:detach
data134:smoothing csv write
data134:smoothing csv write 2
data134:pearson
data135:squeez
data135:smoothing
data135:detach
data135:smoothing csv write
data135:smoothing csv write 2
data135:pearson
data136:squeez
data136:smoothing
data136:detach
data136:smoothing csv write
data136:smoothing csv write 2
data136:pearson
data137:squeez
data137:smoothing
data137:detach
data137:smoothing csv write
data137:smoothing csv write 2
data137:pearson
data138:squeez
data138:smoothing
data138:detach
data138:smoothing csv write
data138:smoothing csv write 2
data138:pearson
data139:squeez
data139:smoothing
data139:detach
data139:smoothing csv write
data139:smoothing csv write 2
data139:pearson
data140:squeez
data140:smoothing
data140:detach
data140:smoothing csv write
data140:smoothing csv write 2
data140:pearson
data141:squeez
data141:smoothing
data141:detach
data141:smoothing csv write
data141:smoothing csv write 2
data141:pearson
data142:squeez
data142:smoothing
data142:detach
data142:smoothing csv write
data142:smoothing csv write 2
data142:pearson
data143:squeez
data143:smoothing
data143:detach
data143:smoothing csv write
data143:smoothing csv write 2
data143:pearson
data144:squeez
data144:smoothing
data144:detach
data144:smoothing csv write
data144:smoothing csv write 2
data144:pearson
data145:squeez
data145:smoothing
data145:detach
data145:smoothing csv write
data145:smoothing csv write 2
data145:pearson
data146:squeez
data146:smoothing
data146:detach
data146:smoothing csv write
data146:smoothing csv write 2
data146:pearson
data147:squeez
data147:smoothing
data147:detach
data147:smoothing csv write
data147:smoothing csv write 2
data147:pearson
data148:squeez
data148:smoothing
data148:detach
data148:smoothing csv write
data148:smoothing csv write 2
data148:pearson
data149:squeez
data149:smoothing
data149:detach
data149:smoothing csv write
data149:smoothing csv write 2
data149:pearson
data150:squeez
data150:smoothing
data150:detach
data150:smoothing csv write
data150:smoothing csv write 2
data150:pearson
data151:squeez
data151:smoothing
data151:detach
data151:smoothing csv write
data151:smoothing csv write 2
data151:pearson
data152:squeez
data152:smoothing
data152:detach
data152:smoothing csv write
data152:smoothing csv write 2
data152:pearson
data153:squeez
data153:smoothing
data153:detach
data153:smoothing csv write
data153:smoothing csv write 2
data153:pearson
data154:squeez
data154:smoothing
data154:detach
data154:smoothing csv write
data154:smoothing csv write 2
data154:pearson
data155:squeez
data155:smoothing
data155:detach
data155:smoothing csv write
data155:smoothing csv write 2
data155:pearson
data156:squeez
data156:smoothing
data156:detach
data156:smoothing csv write
data156:smoothing csv write 2
data156:pearson
data157:squeez
data157:smoothing
data157:detach
data157:smoothing csv write
data157:smoothing csv write 2
data157:pearson
data158:squeez
data158:smoothing
data158:detach
data158:smoothing csv write
data158:smoothing csv write 2
data158:pearson
data159:squeez
data159:smoothing
data159:detach
data159:smoothing csv write
data159:smoothing csv write 2
data159:pearson
data160:squeez
data160:smoothing
data160:detach
data160:smoothing csv write
data160:smoothing csv write 2
data160:pearson
data161:squeez
data161:smoothing
data161:detach
data161:smoothing csv write
data161:smoothing csv write 2
data161:pearson
data162:squeez
data162:smoothing
data162:detach
data162:smoothing csv write
data162:smoothing csv write 2
data162:pearson
data163:squeez
data163:smoothing
data163:detach
data163:smoothing csv write
data163:smoothing csv write 2
data163:pearson
data164:squeez
data164:smoothing
data164:detach
data164:smoothing csv write
data164:smoothing csv write 2
data164:pearson
data165:squeez
data165:smoothing
data165:detach
data165:smoothing csv write
data165:smoothing csv write 2
data165:pearson
data166:squeez
data166:smoothing
data166:detach
data166:smoothing csv write
data166:smoothing csv write 2
data166:pearson
data167:squeez
data167:smoothing
data167:detach
data167:smoothing csv write
data167:smoothing csv write 2
data167:pearson
data168:squeez
data168:smoothing
data168:detach
data168:smoothing csv write
data168:smoothing csv write 2
data168:pearson
data169:squeez
data169:smoothing
data169:detach
data169:smoothing csv write
data169:smoothing csv write 2
data169:pearson
data170:squeez
data170:smoothing
data170:detach
data170:smoothing csv write
data170:smoothing csv write 2
data170:pearson
data171:squeez
data171:smoothing
data171:detach
data171:smoothing csv write
data171:smoothing csv write 2
data171:pearson
data172:squeez
data172:smoothing
data172:detach
data172:smoothing csv write
data172:smoothing csv write 2
data172:pearson
data173:squeez
data173:smoothing
data173:detach
data173:smoothing csv write
data173:smoothing csv write 2
data173:pearson
data174:squeez
data174:smoothing
data174:detach
data174:smoothing csv write
data174:smoothing csv write 2
data174:pearson
data175:squeez
data175:smoothing
data175:detach
data175:smoothing csv write
data175:smoothing csv write 2
data175:pearson
data176:squeez
data176:smoothing
data176:detach
data176:smoothing csv write
data176:smoothing csv write 2
data176:pearson
data177:squeez
data177:smoothing
data177:detach
data177:smoothing csv write
data177:smoothing csv write 2
data177:pearson
data178:squeez
data178:smoothing
data178:detach
data178:smoothing csv write
data178:smoothing csv write 2
data178:pearson
data179:squeez
data179:smoothing
data179:detach
data179:smoothing csv write
data179:smoothing csv write 2
data179:pearson
data180:squeez
data180:smoothing
data180:detach
data180:smoothing csv write
data180:smoothing csv write 2
data180:pearson
data181:squeez
data181:smoothing
data181:detach
data181:smoothing csv write
data181:smoothing csv write 2
data181:pearson
data182:squeez
data182:smoothing
data182:detach
data182:smoothing csv write
data182:smoothing csv write 2
data182:pearson
data183:squeez
data183:smoothing
data183:detach
data183:smoothing csv write
data183:smoothing csv write 2
data183:pearson
data184:squeez
data184:smoothing
data184:detach
data184:smoothing csv write
data184:smoothing csv write 2
data184:pearson
data185:squeez
data185:smoothing
data185:detach
data185:smoothing csv write
data185:smoothing csv write 2
data185:pearson
data186:squeez
data186:smoothing
data186:detach
data186:smoothing csv write
data186:smoothing csv write 2
data186:pearson
data187:squeez
data187:smoothing
data187:detach
data187:smoothing csv write
data187:smoothing csv write 2
data187:pearson
data188:squeez
data188:smoothing
data188:detach
data188:smoothing csv write
data188:smoothing csv write 2
data188:pearson
data189:squeez
data189:smoothing
data189:detach
data189:smoothing csv write
data189:smoothing csv write 2
data189:pearson
data190:squeez
data190:smoothing
data190:detach
data190:smoothing csv write
data190:smoothing csv write 2
data190:pearson
data191:squeez
data191:smoothing
data191:detach
data191:smoothing csv write
data191:smoothing csv write 2
data191:pearson
data192:squeez
data192:smoothing
data192:detach
data192:smoothing csv write
data192:smoothing csv write 2
data192:pearson
data192:pearson csv write
data193:squeez
data193:smoothing
data193:detach
data193:smoothing csv write
data193:smoothing csv write 2
data193:pearson
data194:squeez
data194:smoothing
data194:detach
data194:smoothing csv write
data194:smoothing csv write 2
data194:pearson
data195:squeez
data195:smoothing
data195:detach
data195:smoothing csv write
data195:smoothing csv write 2
data195:pearson
data196:squeez
data196:smoothing
data196:detach
data196:smoothing csv write
data196:smoothing csv write 2
data196:pearson
data197:squeez
data197:smoothing
data197:detach
data197:smoothing csv write
data197:smoothing csv write 2
data197:pearson
data198:squeez
data198:smoothing
data198:detach
data198:smoothing csv write
data198:smoothing csv write 2
data198:pearson
data199:squeez
data199:smoothing
data199:detach
data199:smoothing csv write
data199:smoothing csv write 2
data199:pearson
data200:squeez
data200:smoothing
data200:detach
data200:smoothing csv write
data200:smoothing csv write 2
data200:pearson
data201:squeez
data201:smoothing
data201:detach
data201:smoothing csv write
data201:smoothing csv write 2
data201:pearson
data202:squeez
data202:smoothing
data202:detach
data202:smoothing csv write
data202:smoothing csv write 2
data202:pearson
data203:squeez
data203:smoothing
data203:detach
data203:smoothing csv write
data203:smoothing csv write 2
data203:pearson
data204:squeez
data204:smoothing
data204:detach
data204:smoothing csv write
data204:smoothing csv write 2
data204:pearson
data205:squeez
data205:smoothing
data205:detach
data205:smoothing csv write
data205:smoothing csv write 2
data205:pearson
data206:squeez
data206:smoothing
data206:detach
data206:smoothing csv write
data206:smoothing csv write 2
data206:pearson
data207:squeez
data207:smoothing
data207:detach
data207:smoothing csv write
data207:smoothing csv write 2
data207:pearson
data208:squeez
data208:smoothing
data208:detach
data208:smoothing csv write
data208:smoothing csv write 2
data208:pearson
data209:squeez
data209:smoothing
data209:detach
data209:smoothing csv write
data209:smoothing csv write 2
data209:pearson
data210:squeez
data210:smoothing
data210:detach
data210:smoothing csv write
data210:smoothing csv write 2
data210:pearson
data211:squeez
data211:smoothing
data211:detach
data211:smoothing csv write
data211:smoothing csv write 2
data211:pearson
data212:squeez
data212:smoothing
data212:detach
data212:smoothing csv write
data212:smoothing csv write 2
data212:pearson
data213:squeez
data213:smoothing
data213:detach
data213:smoothing csv write
data213:smoothing csv write 2
data213:pearson
data214:squeez
data214:smoothing
data214:detach
data214:smoothing csv write
data214:smoothing csv write 2
data214:pearson
data215:squeez
data215:smoothing
data215:detach
data215:smoothing csv write
data215:smoothing csv write 2
data215:pearson
data216:squeez
data216:smoothing
data216:detach
data216:smoothing csv write
data216:smoothing csv write 2
data216:pearson
data217:squeez
data217:smoothing
data217:detach
data217:smoothing csv write
data217:smoothing csv write 2
data217:pearson
data218:squeez
data218:smoothing
data218:detach
data218:smoothing csv write
data218:smoothing csv write 2
data218:pearson
data219:squeez
data219:smoothing
data219:detach
data219:smoothing csv write
data219:smoothing csv write 2
data219:pearson
data220:squeez
data220:smoothing
data220:detach
data220:smoothing csv write
data220:smoothing csv write 2
data220:pearson
data221:squeez
data221:smoothing
data221:detach
data221:smoothing csv write
data221:smoothing csv write 2
data221:pearson
data222:squeez
data222:smoothing
data222:detach
data222:smoothing csv write
data222:smoothing csv write 2
data222:pearson
data223:squeez
data223:smoothing
data223:detach
data223:smoothing csv write
data223:smoothing csv write 2
data223:pearson
data224:squeez
data224:smoothing
data224:detach
data224:smoothing csv write
data224:smoothing csv write 2
data224:pearson
data225:squeez
data225:smoothing
data225:detach
data225:smoothing csv write
data225:smoothing csv write 2
data225:pearson
data226:squeez
data226:smoothing
data226:detach
data226:smoothing csv write
data226:smoothing csv write 2
data226:pearson
data227:squeez
data227:smoothing
data227:detach
data227:smoothing csv write
data227:smoothing csv write 2
data227:pearson
data228:squeez
data228:smoothing
data228:detach
data228:smoothing csv write
data228:smoothing csv write 2
data228:pearson
data229:squeez
data229:smoothing
data229:detach
data229:smoothing csv write
data229:smoothing csv write 2
data229:pearson
data230:squeez
data230:smoothing
data230:detach
data230:smoothing csv write
data230:smoothing csv write 2
data230:pearson
data231:squeez
data231:smoothing
data231:detach
data231:smoothing csv write
data231:smoothing csv write 2
data231:pearson
data232:squeez
data232:smoothing
data232:detach
data232:smoothing csv write
data232:smoothing csv write 2
data232:pearson
data233:squeez
data233:smoothing
data233:detach
data233:smoothing csv write
data233:smoothing csv write 2
data233:pearson
data234:squeez
data234:smoothing
data234:detach
data234:smoothing csv write
data234:smoothing csv write 2
data234:pearson
data235:squeez
data235:smoothing
data235:detach
data235:smoothing csv write
data235:smoothing csv write 2
data235:pearson
data236:squeez
data236:smoothing
data236:detach
data236:smoothing csv write
data236:smoothing csv write 2
data236:pearson
data237:squeez
data237:smoothing
data237:detach
data237:smoothing csv write
data237:smoothing csv write 2
data237:pearson
data238:squeez
data238:smoothing
data238:detach
data238:smoothing csv write
data238:smoothing csv write 2
data238:pearson
data239:squeez
data239:smoothing
data239:detach
data239:smoothing csv write
data239:smoothing csv write 2
data239:pearson
data240:squeez
data240:smoothing
data240:detach
data240:smoothing csv write
data240:smoothing csv write 2
data240:pearson
data241:squeez
data241:smoothing
data241:detach
data241:smoothing csv write
data241:smoothing csv write 2
data241:pearson
data242:squeez
data242:smoothing
data242:detach
data242:smoothing csv write
data242:smoothing csv write 2
data242:pearson
data243:squeez
data243:smoothing
data243:detach
data243:smoothing csv write
data243:smoothing csv write 2
data243:pearson
data244:squeez
data244:smoothing
data244:detach
data244:smoothing csv write
data244:smoothing csv write 2
data244:pearson
data245:squeez
data245:smoothing
data245:detach
data245:smoothing csv write
data245:smoothing csv write 2
data245:pearson
data246:squeez
data246:smoothing
data246:detach
data246:smoothing csv write
data246:smoothing csv write 2
data246:pearson
data247:squeez
data247:smoothing
data247:detach
data247:smoothing csv write
data247:smoothing csv write 2
data247:pearson
data248:squeez
data248:smoothing
data248:detach
data248:smoothing csv write
data248:smoothing csv write 2
data248:pearson
data249:squeez
data249:smoothing
data249:detach
data249:smoothing csv write
data249:smoothing csv write 2
data249:pearson
data250:squeez
data250:smoothing
data250:detach
data250:smoothing csv write
data250:smoothing csv write 2
data250:pearson
data251:squeez
data251:smoothing
data251:detach
data251:smoothing csv write
data251:smoothing csv write 2
data251:pearson
data252:squeez
data252:smoothing
data252:detach
data252:smoothing csv write
data252:smoothing csv write 2
data252:pearson
data253:squeez
data253:smoothing
data253:detach
data253:smoothing csv write
data253:smoothing csv write 2
data253:pearson
data254:squeez
data254:smoothing
data254:detach
data254:smoothing csv write
data254:smoothing csv write 2
data254:pearson
data255:squeez
data255:smoothing
data255:detach
data255:smoothing csv write
data255:smoothing csv write 2
data255:pearson
data256:squeez
data256:smoothing
data256:detach
data256:smoothing csv write
data256:smoothing csv write 2
data256:pearson
data256:pearson csv write
data257:squeez
data257:smoothing
data257:detach
data257:smoothing csv write
data257:smoothing csv write 2
data257:pearson
data258:squeez
data258:smoothing
data258:detach
data258:smoothing csv write
data258:smoothing csv write 2
data258:pearson
data259:squeez
data259:smoothing
data259:detach
data259:smoothing csv write
data259:smoothing csv write 2
data259:pearson
data260:squeez
data260:smoothing
data260:detach
data260:smoothing csv write
data260:smoothing csv write 2
data260:pearson
data261:squeez
data261:smoothing
data261:detach
data261:smoothing csv write
data261:smoothing csv write 2
data261:pearson
data262:squeez
data262:smoothing
data262:detach
data262:smoothing csv write
data262:smoothing csv write 2
data262:pearson
data263:squeez
data263:smoothing
data263:detach
data263:smoothing csv write
data263:smoothing csv write 2
data263:pearson
data264:squeez
data264:smoothing
data264:detach
data264:smoothing csv write
data264:smoothing csv write 2
data264:pearson
data265:squeez
data265:smoothing
data265:detach
data265:smoothing csv write
data265:smoothing csv write 2
data265:pearson
data266:squeez
data266:smoothing
data266:detach
data266:smoothing csv write
data266:smoothing csv write 2
data266:pearson
data267:squeez
data267:smoothing
data267:detach
data267:smoothing csv write
data267:smoothing csv write 2
data267:pearson
data268:squeez
data268:smoothing
data268:detach
data268:smoothing csv write
data268:smoothing csv write 2
data268:pearson
data269:squeez
data269:smoothing
data269:detach
data269:smoothing csv write
data269:smoothing csv write 2
data269:pearson
data270:squeez
data270:smoothing
data270:detach
data270:smoothing csv write
data270:smoothing csv write 2
data270:pearson
data271:squeez
data271:smoothing
data271:detach
data271:smoothing csv write
data271:smoothing csv write 2
data271:pearson
data272:squeez
data272:smoothing
data272:detach
data272:smoothing csv write
data272:smoothing csv write 2
data272:pearson
data273:squeez
data273:smoothing
data273:detach
data273:smoothing csv write
data273:smoothing csv write 2
data273:pearson
data274:squeez
data274:smoothing
data274:detach
data274:smoothing csv write
data274:smoothing csv write 2
data274:pearson
data275:squeez
data275:smoothing
data275:detach
data275:smoothing csv write
data275:smoothing csv write 2
data275:pearson
data276:squeez
data276:smoothing
data276:detach
data276:smoothing csv write
data276:smoothing csv write 2
data276:pearson
data277:squeez
data277:smoothing
data277:detach
data277:smoothing csv write
data277:smoothing csv write 2
data277:pearson
data278:squeez
data278:smoothing
data278:detach
data278:smoothing csv write
data278:smoothing csv write 2
data278:pearson
data279:squeez
data279:smoothing
data279:detach
data279:smoothing csv write
data279:smoothing csv write 2
data279:pearson
data280:squeez
data280:smoothing
data280:detach
data280:smoothing csv write
data280:smoothing csv write 2
data280:pearson
data281:squeez
data281:smoothing
data281:detach
data281:smoothing csv write
data281:smoothing csv write 2
data281:pearson
data282:squeez
data282:smoothing
data282:detach
data282:smoothing csv write
data282:smoothing csv write 2
data282:pearson
data283:squeez
data283:smoothing
data283:detach
data283:smoothing csv write
data283:smoothing csv write 2
data283:pearson
data284:squeez
data284:smoothing
data284:detach
data284:smoothing csv write
data284:smoothing csv write 2
data284:pearson
data285:squeez
data285:smoothing
data285:detach
data285:smoothing csv write
data285:smoothing csv write 2
data285:pearson
data286:squeez
data286:smoothing
data286:detach
data286:smoothing csv write
data286:smoothing csv write 2
data286:pearson
data287:squeez
data287:smoothing
data287:detach
data287:smoothing csv write
data287:smoothing csv write 2
data287:pearson
data288:squeez
data288:smoothing
data288:detach
data288:smoothing csv write
data288:smoothing csv write 2
data288:pearson
data289:squeez
data289:smoothing
data289:detach
data289:smoothing csv write
data289:smoothing csv write 2
data289:pearson
data290:squeez
data290:smoothing
data290:detach
data290:smoothing csv write
data290:smoothing csv write 2
data290:pearson
data291:squeez
data291:smoothing
data291:detach
data291:smoothing csv write
data291:smoothing csv write 2
data291:pearson
data292:squeez
data292:smoothing
data292:detach
data292:smoothing csv write
data292:smoothing csv write 2
data292:pearson
data293:squeez
data293:smoothing
data293:detach
data293:smoothing csv write
data293:smoothing csv write 2
data293:pearson
data294:squeez
data294:smoothing
data294:detach
data294:smoothing csv write
data294:smoothing csv write 2
data294:pearson
data295:squeez
data295:smoothing
data295:detach
data295:smoothing csv write
data295:smoothing csv write 2
data295:pearson
data296:squeez
data296:smoothing
data296:detach
data296:smoothing csv write
data296:smoothing csv write 2
data296:pearson
data297:squeez
data297:smoothing
data297:detach
data297:smoothing csv write
data297:smoothing csv write 2
data297:pearson
data298:squeez
data298:smoothing
data298:detach
data298:smoothing csv write
data298:smoothing csv write 2
data298:pearson
data299:squeez
data299:smoothing
data299:detach
data299:smoothing csv write
data299:smoothing csv write 2
data299:pearson
data300:squeez
data300:smoothing
data300:detach
data300:smoothing csv write
data300:smoothing csv write 2
data300:pearson
data301:squeez
data301:smoothing
data301:detach
data301:smoothing csv write
data301:smoothing csv write 2
data301:pearson
data302:squeez
data302:smoothing
data302:detach
data302:smoothing csv write
data302:smoothing csv write 2
data302:pearson
data303:squeez
data303:smoothing
data303:detach
data303:smoothing csv write
data303:smoothing csv write 2
data303:pearson
data304:squeez
data304:smoothing
data304:detach
data304:smoothing csv write
data304:smoothing csv write 2
data304:pearson
data305:squeez
data305:smoothing
data305:detach
data305:smoothing csv write
data305:smoothing csv write 2
data305:pearson
data306:squeez
data306:smoothing
data306:detach
data306:smoothing csv write
data306:smoothing csv write 2
data306:pearson
data307:squeez
data307:smoothing
data307:detach
data307:smoothing csv write
data307:smoothing csv write 2
data307:pearson
data308:squeez
data308:smoothing
data308:detach
data308:smoothing csv write
data308:smoothing csv write 2
data308:pearson
data309:squeez
data309:smoothing
data309:detach
data309:smoothing csv write
data309:smoothing csv write 2
data309:pearson
data310:squeez
data310:smoothing
data310:detach
data310:smoothing csv write
data310:smoothing csv write 2
data310:pearson
data311:squeez
data311:smoothing
data311:detach
data311:smoothing csv write
data311:smoothing csv write 2
data311:pearson
data312:squeez
data312:smoothing
data312:detach
data312:smoothing csv write
data312:smoothing csv write 2
data312:pearson
data313:squeez
data313:smoothing
data313:detach
data313:smoothing csv write
data313:smoothing csv write 2
data313:pearson
data314:squeez
data314:smoothing
data314:detach
data314:smoothing csv write
data314:smoothing csv write 2
data314:pearson
data315:squeez
data315:smoothing
data315:detach
data315:smoothing csv write
data315:smoothing csv write 2
data315:pearson
data316:squeez
data316:smoothing
data316:detach
data316:smoothing csv write
data316:smoothing csv write 2
data316:pearson
data317:squeez
data317:smoothing
data317:detach
data317:smoothing csv write
data317:smoothing csv write 2
data317:pearson
data318:squeez
data318:smoothing
data318:detach
data318:smoothing csv write
data318:smoothing csv write 2
data318:pearson
data319:squeez
data319:smoothing
data319:detach
data319:smoothing csv write
data319:smoothing csv write 2
data319:pearson
data320:squeez
data320:smoothing
data320:detach
data320:smoothing csv write
data320:smoothing csv write 2
data320:pearson
data320:pearson csv write
data321:squeez
data321:smoothing
data321:detach
data321:smoothing csv write
data321:smoothing csv write 2
data321:pearson
data322:squeez
data322:smoothing
data322:detach
data322:smoothing csv write
data322:smoothing csv write 2
data322:pearson
data323:squeez
data323:smoothing
data323:detach
data323:smoothing csv write
data323:smoothing csv write 2
data323:pearson
data324:squeez
data324:smoothing
data324:detach
data324:smoothing csv write
data324:smoothing csv write 2
data324:pearson
data325:squeez
data325:smoothing
data325:detach
data325:smoothing csv write
data325:smoothing csv write 2
data325:pearson
data326:squeez
data326:smoothing
data326:detach
data326:smoothing csv write
data326:smoothing csv write 2
data326:pearson
data327:squeez
data327:smoothing
data327:detach
data327:smoothing csv write
data327:smoothing csv write 2
data327:pearson
data328:squeez
data328:smoothing
data328:detach
data328:smoothing csv write
data328:smoothing csv write 2
data328:pearson
data329:squeez
data329:smoothing
data329:detach
data329:smoothing csv write
data329:smoothing csv write 2
data329:pearson
data330:squeez
data330:smoothing
data330:detach
data330:smoothing csv write
data330:smoothing csv write 2
data330:pearson
data331:squeez
data331:smoothing
data331:detach
data331:smoothing csv write
data331:smoothing csv write 2
data331:pearson
data332:squeez
data332:smoothing
data332:detach
data332:smoothing csv write
data332:smoothing csv write 2
data332:pearson
data333:squeez
data333:smoothing
data333:detach
data333:smoothing csv write
data333:smoothing csv write 2
data333:pearson
data334:squeez
data334:smoothing
data334:detach
data334:smoothing csv write
data334:smoothing csv write 2
data334:pearson
data335:squeez
data335:smoothing
data335:detach
data335:smoothing csv write
data335:smoothing csv write 2
data335:pearson
data336:squeez
data336:smoothing
data336:detach
data336:smoothing csv write
data336:smoothing csv write 2
data336:pearson
data337:squeez
data337:smoothing
data337:detach
data337:smoothing csv write
data337:smoothing csv write 2
data337:pearson
data338:squeez
data338:smoothing
data338:detach
data338:smoothing csv write
data338:smoothing csv write 2
data338:pearson
data339:squeez
data339:smoothing
data339:detach
data339:smoothing csv write
data339:smoothing csv write 2
data339:pearson
data340:squeez
data340:smoothing
data340:detach
data340:smoothing csv write
data340:smoothing csv write 2
data340:pearson
data341:squeez
data341:smoothing
data341:detach
data341:smoothing csv write
data341:smoothing csv write 2
data341:pearson
data342:squeez
data342:smoothing
data342:detach
data342:smoothing csv write
data342:smoothing csv write 2
data342:pearson
data343:squeez
data343:smoothing
data343:detach
data343:smoothing csv write
data343:smoothing csv write 2
data343:pearson
data344:squeez
data344:smoothing
data344:detach
data344:smoothing csv write
data344:smoothing csv write 2
data344:pearson
data345:squeez
data345:smoothing
data345:detach
data345:smoothing csv write
data345:smoothing csv write 2
data345:pearson
data346:squeez
data346:smoothing
data346:detach
data346:smoothing csv write
data346:smoothing csv write 2
data346:pearson
data347:squeez
data347:smoothing
data347:detach
data347:smoothing csv write
data347:smoothing csv write 2
data347:pearson
data348:squeez
data348:smoothing
data348:detach
data348:smoothing csv write
data348:smoothing csv write 2
data348:pearson
data349:squeez
data349:smoothing
data349:detach
data349:smoothing csv write
data349:smoothing csv write 2
data349:pearson
data350:squeez
data350:smoothing
data350:detach
data350:smoothing csv write
data350:smoothing csv write 2
data350:pearson
data351:squeez
data351:smoothing
data351:detach
data351:smoothing csv write
data351:smoothing csv write 2
data351:pearson
data352:squeez
data352:smoothing
data352:detach
data352:smoothing csv write
data352:smoothing csv write 2
data352:pearson
data353:squeez
data353:smoothing
data353:detach
data353:smoothing csv write
data353:smoothing csv write 2
data353:pearson
data354:squeez
data354:smoothing
data354:detach
data354:smoothing csv write
data354:smoothing csv write 2
data354:pearson
data355:squeez
data355:smoothing
data355:detach
data355:smoothing csv write
data355:smoothing csv write 2
data355:pearson
data356:squeez
data356:smoothing
data356:detach
data356:smoothing csv write
data356:smoothing csv write 2
data356:pearson
data357:squeez
data357:smoothing
data357:detach
data357:smoothing csv write
data357:smoothing csv write 2
data357:pearson
data358:squeez
data358:smoothing
data358:detach
data358:smoothing csv write
data358:smoothing csv write 2
data358:pearson
data359:squeez
data359:smoothing
data359:detach
data359:smoothing csv write
data359:smoothing csv write 2
data359:pearson
data360:squeez
data360:smoothing
data360:detach
data360:smoothing csv write
data360:smoothing csv write 2
data360:pearson
data361:squeez
data361:smoothing
data361:detach
data361:smoothing csv write
data361:smoothing csv write 2
data361:pearson
data362:squeez
data362:smoothing
data362:detach
data362:smoothing csv write
data362:smoothing csv write 2
data362:pearson
data363:squeez
data363:smoothing
data363:detach
data363:smoothing csv write
data363:smoothing csv write 2
data363:pearson
data364:squeez
data364:smoothing
data364:detach
data364:smoothing csv write
data364:smoothing csv write 2
data364:pearson
data365:squeez
data365:smoothing
data365:detach
data365:smoothing csv write
data365:smoothing csv write 2
data365:pearson
data366:squeez
data366:smoothing
data366:detach
data366:smoothing csv write
data366:smoothing csv write 2
data366:pearson
data367:squeez
data367:smoothing
data367:detach
data367:smoothing csv write
data367:smoothing csv write 2
data367:pearson
data368:squeez
data368:smoothing
data368:detach
data368:smoothing csv write
data368:smoothing csv write 2
data368:pearson
data369:squeez
data369:smoothing
data369:detach
data369:smoothing csv write
data369:smoothing csv write 2
data369:pearson
data370:squeez
data370:smoothing
data370:detach
data370:smoothing csv write
data370:smoothing csv write 2
data370:pearson
data371:squeez
data371:smoothing
data371:detach
data371:smoothing csv write
data371:smoothing csv write 2
data371:pearson
data372:squeez
data372:smoothing
data372:detach
data372:smoothing csv write
data372:smoothing csv write 2
data372:pearson
data373:squeez
data373:smoothing
data373:detach
data373:smoothing csv write
data373:smoothing csv write 2
data373:pearson
data374:squeez
data374:smoothing
data374:detach
data374:smoothing csv write
data374:smoothing csv write 2
data374:pearson
data375:squeez
data375:smoothing
data375:detach
data375:smoothing csv write
data375:smoothing csv write 2
data375:pearson
data376:squeez
data376:smoothing
data376:detach
data376:smoothing csv write
data376:smoothing csv write 2
data376:pearson
data377:squeez
data377:smoothing
data377:detach
data377:smoothing csv write
data377:smoothing csv write 2
data377:pearson
data378:squeez
data378:smoothing
data378:detach
data378:smoothing csv write
data378:smoothing csv write 2
data378:pearson
data379:squeez
data379:smoothing
data379:detach
data379:smoothing csv write
data379:smoothing csv write 2
data379:pearson
data380:squeez
data380:smoothing
data380:detach
data380:smoothing csv write
data380:smoothing csv write 2
data380:pearson
data381:squeez
data381:smoothing
data381:detach
data381:smoothing csv write
data381:smoothing csv write 2
data381:pearson
data382:squeez
data382:smoothing
data382:detach
data382:smoothing csv write
data382:smoothing csv write 2
data382:pearson
data383:squeez
data383:smoothing
data383:detach
data383:smoothing csv write
data383:smoothing csv write 2
data383:pearson
data384:squeez
data384:smoothing
data384:detach
data384:smoothing csv write
data384:smoothing csv write 2
data384:pearson
data384:pearson csv write
data385:squeez
data385:smoothing
data385:detach
data385:smoothing csv write
data385:smoothing csv write 2
data385:pearson
data386:squeez
data386:smoothing
data386:detach
data386:smoothing csv write
data386:smoothing csv write 2
data386:pearson
data387:squeez
data387:smoothing
data387:detach
data387:smoothing csv write
data387:smoothing csv write 2
data387:pearson
data388:squeez
data388:smoothing
data388:detach
data388:smoothing csv write
data388:smoothing csv write 2
data388:pearson
data389:squeez
data389:smoothing
data389:detach
data389:smoothing csv write
data389:smoothing csv write 2
data389:pearson
data390:squeez
data390:smoothing
data390:detach
data390:smoothing csv write
data390:smoothing csv write 2
data390:pearson
data391:squeez
data391:smoothing
data391:detach
data391:smoothing csv write
data391:smoothing csv write 2
data391:pearson
data392:squeez
data392:smoothing
data392:detach
data392:smoothing csv write
data392:smoothing csv write 2
data392:pearson
data393:squeez
data393:smoothing
data393:detach
data393:smoothing csv write
data393:smoothing csv write 2
data393:pearson
data394:squeez
data394:smoothing
data394:detach
data394:smoothing csv write
data394:smoothing csv write 2
data394:pearson
data395:squeez
data395:smoothing
data395:detach
data395:smoothing csv write
data395:smoothing csv write 2
data395:pearson
data396:squeez
data396:smoothing
data396:detach
data396:smoothing csv write
data396:smoothing csv write 2
data396:pearson
data397:squeez
data397:smoothing
data397:detach
data397:smoothing csv write
data397:smoothing csv write 2
data397:pearson
data398:squeez
data398:smoothing
data398:detach
data398:smoothing csv write
data398:smoothing csv write 2
data398:pearson
data399:squeez
data399:smoothing
data399:detach
data399:smoothing csv write
data399:smoothing csv write 2
data399:pearson
data400:squeez
data400:smoothing
data400:detach
data400:smoothing csv write
data400:smoothing csv write 2
data400:pearson
data401:squeez
data401:smoothing
data401:detach
data401:smoothing csv write
data401:smoothing csv write 2
data401:pearson
data402:squeez
data402:smoothing
data402:detach
data402:smoothing csv write
data402:smoothing csv write 2
data402:pearson
data403:squeez
data403:smoothing
data403:detach
data403:smoothing csv write
data403:smoothing csv write 2
data403:pearson
data404:squeez
data404:smoothing
data404:detach
data404:smoothing csv write
data404:smoothing csv write 2
data404:pearson
data405:squeez
data405:smoothing
data405:detach
data405:smoothing csv write
data405:smoothing csv write 2
data405:pearson
data406:squeez
data406:smoothing
data406:detach
data406:smoothing csv write
data406:smoothing csv write 2
data406:pearson
data407:squeez
data407:smoothing
data407:detach
data407:smoothing csv write
data407:smoothing csv write 2
data407:pearson
data408:squeez
data408:smoothing
data408:detach
data408:smoothing csv write
data408:smoothing csv write 2
data408:pearson
data409:squeez
data409:smoothing
data409:detach
data409:smoothing csv write
data409:smoothing csv write 2
data409:pearson
data410:squeez
data410:smoothing
data410:detach
data410:smoothing csv write
data410:smoothing csv write 2
data410:pearson
data411:squeez
data411:smoothing
data411:detach
data411:smoothing csv write
data411:smoothing csv write 2
data411:pearson
data412:squeez
data412:smoothing
data412:detach
data412:smoothing csv write
data412:smoothing csv write 2
data412:pearson
data413:squeez
data413:smoothing
data413:detach
data413:smoothing csv write
data413:smoothing csv write 2
data413:pearson
data414:squeez
data414:smoothing
data414:detach
data414:smoothing csv write
data414:smoothing csv write 2
data414:pearson
data415:squeez
data415:smoothing
data415:detach
data415:smoothing csv write
data415:smoothing csv write 2
data415:pearson
data416:squeez
data416:smoothing
data416:detach
data416:smoothing csv write
data416:smoothing csv write 2
data416:pearson
data417:squeez
data417:smoothing
data417:detach
data417:smoothing csv write
data417:smoothing csv write 2
data417:pearson
data418:squeez
data418:smoothing
data418:detach
data418:smoothing csv write
data418:smoothing csv write 2
data418:pearson
data419:squeez
data419:smoothing
data419:detach
data419:smoothing csv write
data419:smoothing csv write 2
data419:pearson
data420:squeez
data420:smoothing
data420:detach
data420:smoothing csv write
data420:smoothing csv write 2
data420:pearson
data421:squeez
data421:smoothing
data421:detach
data421:smoothing csv write
data421:smoothing csv write 2
data421:pearson
data422:squeez
data422:smoothing
data422:detach
data422:smoothing csv write
data422:smoothing csv write 2
data422:pearson
data423:squeez
data423:smoothing
data423:detach
data423:smoothing csv write
data423:smoothing csv write 2
data423:pearson
data424:squeez
data424:smoothing
data424:detach
data424:smoothing csv write
data424:smoothing csv write 2
data424:pearson
data425:squeez
data425:smoothing
data425:detach
data425:smoothing csv write
data425:smoothing csv write 2
data425:pearson
data426:squeez
data426:smoothing
data426:detach
data426:smoothing csv write
data426:smoothing csv write 2
data426:pearson
data427:squeez
data427:smoothing
data427:detach
data427:smoothing csv write
data427:smoothing csv write 2
data427:pearson
data428:squeez
data428:smoothing
data428:detach
data428:smoothing csv write
data428:smoothing csv write 2
data428:pearson
data429:squeez
data429:smoothing
data429:detach
data429:smoothing csv write
data429:smoothing csv write 2
data429:pearson
data430:squeez
data430:smoothing
data430:detach
data430:smoothing csv write
data430:smoothing csv write 2
data430:pearson
data431:squeez
data431:smoothing
data431:detach
data431:smoothing csv write
data431:smoothing csv write 2
data431:pearson
data432:squeez
data432:smoothing
data432:detach
data432:smoothing csv write
data432:smoothing csv write 2
data432:pearson
data433:squeez
data433:smoothing
data433:detach
data433:smoothing csv write
data433:smoothing csv write 2
data433:pearson
data434:squeez
data434:smoothing
data434:detach
data434:smoothing csv write
data434:smoothing csv write 2
data434:pearson
data435:squeez
data435:smoothing
data435:detach
data435:smoothing csv write
data435:smoothing csv write 2
data435:pearson
data436:squeez
data436:smoothing
data436:detach
data436:smoothing csv write
data436:smoothing csv write 2
data436:pearson
data437:squeez
data437:smoothing
data437:detach
data437:smoothing csv write
data437:smoothing csv write 2
data437:pearson
data438:squeez
data438:smoothing
data438:detach
data438:smoothing csv write
data438:smoothing csv write 2
data438:pearson
data439:squeez
data439:smoothing
data439:detach
data439:smoothing csv write
data439:smoothing csv write 2
data439:pearson
data440:squeez
data440:smoothing
data440:detach
data440:smoothing csv write
data440:smoothing csv write 2
data440:pearson
data441:squeez
data441:smoothing
data441:detach
data441:smoothing csv write
data441:smoothing csv write 2
data441:pearson
data442:squeez
data442:smoothing
data442:detach
data442:smoothing csv write
data442:smoothing csv write 2
data442:pearson
data443:squeez
data443:smoothing
data443:detach
data443:smoothing csv write
data443:smoothing csv write 2
data443:pearson
data444:squeez
data444:smoothing
data444:detach
data444:smoothing csv write
data444:smoothing csv write 2
data444:pearson
data445:squeez
data445:smoothing
data445:detach
data445:smoothing csv write
data445:smoothing csv write 2
data445:pearson
data446:squeez
data446:smoothing
data446:detach
data446:smoothing csv write
data446:smoothing csv write 2
data446:pearson
data447:squeez
data447:smoothing
data447:detach
data447:smoothing csv write
data447:smoothing csv write 2
data447:pearson
data448:squeez
data448:smoothing
data448:detach
data448:smoothing csv write
data448:smoothing csv write 2
data448:pearson
data448:pearson csv write
data449:squeez
data449:smoothing
data449:detach
data449:smoothing csv write
data449:smoothing csv write 2
data449:pearson
data450:squeez
data450:smoothing
data450:detach
data450:smoothing csv write
data450:smoothing csv write 2
data450:pearson
data451:squeez
data451:smoothing
data451:detach
data451:smoothing csv write
data451:smoothing csv write 2
data451:pearson
data452:squeez
data452:smoothing
data452:detach
data452:smoothing csv write
data452:smoothing csv write 2
data452:pearson
data453:squeez
data453:smoothing
data453:detach
data453:smoothing csv write
data453:smoothing csv write 2
data453:pearson
data454:squeez
data454:smoothing
data454:detach
data454:smoothing csv write
data454:smoothing csv write 2
data454:pearson
data455:squeez
data455:smoothing
data455:detach
data455:smoothing csv write
data455:smoothing csv write 2
data455:pearson
data456:squeez
data456:smoothing
data456:detach
data456:smoothing csv write
data456:smoothing csv write 2
data456:pearson
data457:squeez
data457:smoothing
data457:detach
data457:smoothing csv write
data457:smoothing csv write 2
data457:pearson
data458:squeez
data458:smoothing
data458:detach
data458:smoothing csv write
data458:smoothing csv write 2
data458:pearson
data459:squeez
data459:smoothing
data459:detach
data459:smoothing csv write
data459:smoothing csv write 2
data459:pearson
data460:squeez
data460:smoothing
data460:detach
data460:smoothing csv write
data460:smoothing csv write 2
data460:pearson
data461:squeez
data461:smoothing
data461:detach
data461:smoothing csv write
data461:smoothing csv write 2
data461:pearson
data462:squeez
data462:smoothing
data462:detach
data462:smoothing csv write
data462:smoothing csv write 2
data462:pearson
data463:squeez
data463:smoothing
data463:detach
data463:smoothing csv write
data463:smoothing csv write 2
data463:pearson
data464:squeez
data464:smoothing
data464:detach
data464:smoothing csv write
data464:smoothing csv write 2
data464:pearson
data465:squeez
data465:smoothing
data465:detach
data465:smoothing csv write
data465:smoothing csv write 2
data465:pearson
data466:squeez
data466:smoothing
data466:detach
data466:smoothing csv write
data466:smoothing csv write 2
data466:pearson
data467:squeez
data467:smoothing
data467:detach
data467:smoothing csv write
data467:smoothing csv write 2
data467:pearson
data468:squeez
data468:smoothing
data468:detach
data468:smoothing csv write
data468:smoothing csv write 2
data468:pearson
data469:squeez
data469:smoothing
data469:detach
data469:smoothing csv write
data469:smoothing csv write 2
data469:pearson
data470:squeez
data470:smoothing
data470:detach
data470:smoothing csv write
data470:smoothing csv write 2
data470:pearson
data471:squeez
data471:smoothing
data471:detach
data471:smoothing csv write
data471:smoothing csv write 2
data471:pearson
data472:squeez
data472:smoothing
data472:detach
data472:smoothing csv write
data472:smoothing csv write 2
data472:pearson
data473:squeez
data473:smoothing
data473:detach
data473:smoothing csv write
data473:smoothing csv write 2
data473:pearson
data474:squeez
data474:smoothing
data474:detach
data474:smoothing csv write
data474:smoothing csv write 2
data474:pearson
data475:squeez
data475:smoothing
data475:detach
data475:smoothing csv write
data475:smoothing csv write 2
data475:pearson
data476:squeez
data476:smoothing
data476:detach
data476:smoothing csv write
data476:smoothing csv write 2
data476:pearson
data477:squeez
data477:smoothing
data477:detach
data477:smoothing csv write
data477:smoothing csv write 2
data477:pearson
data478:squeez
data478:smoothing
data478:detach
data478:smoothing csv write
data478:smoothing csv write 2
data478:pearson
data479:squeez
data479:smoothing
data479:detach
data479:smoothing csv write
data479:smoothing csv write 2
data479:pearson
data480:squeez
data480:smoothing
data480:detach
data480:smoothing csv write
data480:smoothing csv write 2
data480:pearson
data481:squeez
data481:smoothing
data481:detach
data481:smoothing csv write
data481:smoothing csv write 2
data481:pearson
data482:squeez
data482:smoothing
data482:detach
data482:smoothing csv write
data482:smoothing csv write 2
data482:pearson
data483:squeez
data483:smoothing
data483:detach
data483:smoothing csv write
data483:smoothing csv write 2
data483:pearson
data484:squeez
data484:smoothing
data484:detach
data484:smoothing csv write
data484:smoothing csv write 2
data484:pearson
data485:squeez
data485:smoothing
data485:detach
data485:smoothing csv write
data485:smoothing csv write 2
data485:pearson
data486:squeez
data486:smoothing
data486:detach
data486:smoothing csv write
data486:smoothing csv write 2
data486:pearson
data487:squeez
data487:smoothing
data487:detach
data487:smoothing csv write
data487:smoothing csv write 2
data487:pearson
data488:squeez
data488:smoothing
data488:detach
data488:smoothing csv write
data488:smoothing csv write 2
data488:pearson
data489:squeez
data489:smoothing
data489:detach
data489:smoothing csv write
data489:smoothing csv write 2
data489:pearson
data490:squeez
data490:smoothing
data490:detach
data490:smoothing csv write
data490:smoothing csv write 2
data490:pearson
data491:squeez
data491:smoothing
data491:detach
data491:smoothing csv write
data491:smoothing csv write 2
data491:pearson
data492:squeez
data492:smoothing
data492:detach
data492:smoothing csv write
data492:smoothing csv write 2
data492:pearson
data493:squeez
data493:smoothing
data493:detach
data493:smoothing csv write
data493:smoothing csv write 2
data493:pearson
data494:squeez
data494:smoothing
data494:detach
data494:smoothing csv write
data494:smoothing csv write 2
data494:pearson
data495:squeez
data495:smoothing
data495:detach
data495:smoothing csv write
data495:smoothing csv write 2
data495:pearson
data496:squeez
data496:smoothing
data496:detach
data496:smoothing csv write
data496:smoothing csv write 2
data496:pearson
data497:squeez
data497:smoothing
data497:detach
data497:smoothing csv write
data497:smoothing csv write 2
data497:pearson
data498:squeez
data498:smoothing
data498:detach
data498:smoothing csv write
data498:smoothing csv write 2
data498:pearson
data499:squeez
data499:smoothing
data499:detach
data499:smoothing csv write
data499:smoothing csv write 2
data499:pearson
data500:squeez
data500:smoothing
data500:detach
data500:smoothing csv write
data500:smoothing csv write 2
data500:pearson
data501:squeez
data501:smoothing
data501:detach
data501:smoothing csv write
data501:smoothing csv write 2
data501:pearson
data502:squeez
data502:smoothing
data502:detach
data502:smoothing csv write
data502:smoothing csv write 2
data502:pearson
data503:squeez
data503:smoothing
data503:detach
data503:smoothing csv write
data503:smoothing csv write 2
data503:pearson
data504:squeez
data504:smoothing
data504:detach
data504:smoothing csv write
data504:smoothing csv write 2
data504:pearson
data505:squeez
data505:smoothing
data505:detach
data505:smoothing csv write
data505:smoothing csv write 2
data505:pearson
data506:squeez
data506:smoothing
data506:detach
data506:smoothing csv write
data506:smoothing csv write 2
data506:pearson
data507:squeez
data507:smoothing
data507:detach
data507:smoothing csv write
data507:smoothing csv write 2
data507:pearson
data508:squeez
data508:smoothing
data508:detach
data508:smoothing csv write
data508:smoothing csv write 2
data508:pearson
data509:squeez
data509:smoothing
data509:detach
data509:smoothing csv write
data509:smoothing csv write 2
data509:pearson
data510:squeez
data510:smoothing
data510:detach
data510:smoothing csv write
data510:smoothing csv write 2
data510:pearson
data511:squeez
data511:smoothing
data511:detach
data511:smoothing csv write
data511:smoothing csv write 2
data511:pearson
data512:squeez
data512:smoothing
data512:detach
data512:smoothing csv write
data512:smoothing csv write 2
data512:pearson
data512:pearson csv write
data513:squeez
data513:smoothing
data513:detach
data513:smoothing csv write
data513:smoothing csv write 2
data513:pearson
data514:squeez
data514:smoothing
data514:detach
data514:smoothing csv write
data514:smoothing csv write 2
data514:pearson
data515:squeez
data515:smoothing
data515:detach
data515:smoothing csv write
data515:smoothing csv write 2
data515:pearson
data516:squeez
data516:smoothing
data516:detach
data516:smoothing csv write
data516:smoothing csv write 2
data516:pearson
data517:squeez
data517:smoothing
data517:detach
data517:smoothing csv write
data517:smoothing csv write 2
data517:pearson
data518:squeez
data518:smoothing
data518:detach
data518:smoothing csv write
data518:smoothing csv write 2
data518:pearson
data519:squeez
data519:smoothing
data519:detach
data519:smoothing csv write
data519:smoothing csv write 2
data519:pearson
data520:squeez
data520:smoothing
data520:detach
data520:smoothing csv write
data520:smoothing csv write 2
data520:pearson
data521:squeez
data521:smoothing
data521:detach
data521:smoothing csv write
data521:smoothing csv write 2
data521:pearson
data522:squeez
data522:smoothing
data522:detach
data522:smoothing csv write
data522:smoothing csv write 2
data522:pearson
data523:squeez
data523:smoothing
data523:detach
data523:smoothing csv write
data523:smoothing csv write 2
data523:pearson
data524:squeez
data524:smoothing
data524:detach
data524:smoothing csv write
data524:smoothing csv write 2
data524:pearson
data525:squeez
data525:smoothing
data525:detach
data525:smoothing csv write
data525:smoothing csv write 2
data525:pearson
data526:squeez
data526:smoothing
data526:detach
data526:smoothing csv write
data526:smoothing csv write 2
data526:pearson
data527:squeez
data527:smoothing
data527:detach
data527:smoothing csv write
data527:smoothing csv write 2
data527:pearson
data528:squeez
data528:smoothing
data528:detach
data528:smoothing csv write
data528:smoothing csv write 2
data528:pearson
data529:squeez
data529:smoothing
data529:detach
data529:smoothing csv write
data529:smoothing csv write 2
data529:pearson
data530:squeez
data530:smoothing
data530:detach
data530:smoothing csv write
data530:smoothing csv write 2
data530:pearson
data531:squeez
data531:smoothing
data531:detach
data531:smoothing csv write
data531:smoothing csv write 2
data531:pearson
data532:squeez
data532:smoothing
data532:detach
data532:smoothing csv write
data532:smoothing csv write 2
data532:pearson
data533:squeez
data533:smoothing
data533:detach
data533:smoothing csv write
data533:smoothing csv write 2
data533:pearson
data534:squeez
data534:smoothing
data534:detach
data534:smoothing csv write
data534:smoothing csv write 2
data534:pearson
data535:squeez
data535:smoothing
data535:detach
data535:smoothing csv write
data535:smoothing csv write 2
data535:pearson
data536:squeez
data536:smoothing
data536:detach
data536:smoothing csv write
data536:smoothing csv write 2
data536:pearson
data537:squeez
data537:smoothing
data537:detach
data537:smoothing csv write
data537:smoothing csv write 2
data537:pearson
data538:squeez
data538:smoothing
data538:detach
data538:smoothing csv write
data538:smoothing csv write 2
data538:pearson
data539:squeez
data539:smoothing
data539:detach
data539:smoothing csv write
data539:smoothing csv write 2
data539:pearson
data540:squeez
data540:smoothing
data540:detach
data540:smoothing csv write
data540:smoothing csv write 2
data540:pearson
data541:squeez
data541:smoothing
data541:detach
data541:smoothing csv write
data541:smoothing csv write 2
data541:pearson
data542:squeez
data542:smoothing
data542:detach
data542:smoothing csv write
data542:smoothing csv write 2
data542:pearson
data543:squeez
data543:smoothing
data543:detach
data543:smoothing csv write
data543:smoothing csv write 2
data543:pearson
data544:squeez
data544:smoothing
data544:detach
data544:smoothing csv write
data544:smoothing csv write 2
data544:pearson
data545:squeez
data545:smoothing
data545:detach
data545:smoothing csv write
data545:smoothing csv write 2
data545:pearson
data546:squeez
data546:smoothing
data546:detach
data546:smoothing csv write
data546:smoothing csv write 2
data546:pearson
data547:squeez
data547:smoothing
data547:detach
data547:smoothing csv write
data547:smoothing csv write 2
data547:pearson
data548:squeez
data548:smoothing
data548:detach
data548:smoothing csv write
data548:smoothing csv write 2
data548:pearson
data549:squeez
data549:smoothing
data549:detach
data549:smoothing csv write
data549:smoothing csv write 2
data549:pearson
data550:squeez
data550:smoothing
data550:detach
data550:smoothing csv write
data550:smoothing csv write 2
data550:pearson
data551:squeez
data551:smoothing
data551:detach
data551:smoothing csv write
data551:smoothing csv write 2
data551:pearson
data552:squeez
data552:smoothing
data552:detach
data552:smoothing csv write
data552:smoothing csv write 2
data552:pearson
data553:squeez
data553:smoothing
data553:detach
data553:smoothing csv write
data553:smoothing csv write 2
data553:pearson
data554:squeez
data554:smoothing
data554:detach
data554:smoothing csv write
data554:smoothing csv write 2
data554:pearson
data555:squeez
data555:smoothing
data555:detach
data555:smoothing csv write
data555:smoothing csv write 2
data555:pearson
data556:squeez
data556:smoothing
data556:detach
data556:smoothing csv write
data556:smoothing csv write 2
data556:pearson
data557:squeez
data557:smoothing
data557:detach
data557:smoothing csv write
data557:smoothing csv write 2
data557:pearson
data558:squeez
data558:smoothing
data558:detach
data558:smoothing csv write
data558:smoothing csv write 2
data558:pearson
data559:squeez
data559:smoothing
data559:detach
data559:smoothing csv write
data559:smoothing csv write 2
data559:pearson
data560:squeez
data560:smoothing
data560:detach
data560:smoothing csv write
data560:smoothing csv write 2
data560:pearson
data561:squeez
data561:smoothing
data561:detach
data561:smoothing csv write
data561:smoothing csv write 2
data561:pearson
data562:squeez
data562:smoothing
data562:detach
data562:smoothing csv write
data562:smoothing csv write 2
data562:pearson
data563:squeez
data563:smoothing
data563:detach
data563:smoothing csv write
data563:smoothing csv write 2
data563:pearson
data564:squeez
data564:smoothing
data564:detach
data564:smoothing csv write
data564:smoothing csv write 2
data564:pearson
data565:squeez
data565:smoothing
data565:detach
data565:smoothing csv write
data565:smoothing csv write 2
data565:pearson
data566:squeez
data566:smoothing
data566:detach
data566:smoothing csv write
data566:smoothing csv write 2
data566:pearson
data567:squeez
data567:smoothing
data567:detach
data567:smoothing csv write
data567:smoothing csv write 2
data567:pearson
data568:squeez
data568:smoothing
data568:detach
data568:smoothing csv write
data568:smoothing csv write 2
data568:pearson
data569:squeez
data569:smoothing
data569:detach
data569:smoothing csv write
data569:smoothing csv write 2
data569:pearson
data570:squeez
data570:smoothing
data570:detach
data570:smoothing csv write
data570:smoothing csv write 2
data570:pearson
data571:squeez
data571:smoothing
data571:detach
data571:smoothing csv write
data571:smoothing csv write 2
data571:pearson
data572:squeez
data572:smoothing
data572:detach
data572:smoothing csv write
data572:smoothing csv write 2
data572:pearson
data573:squeez
data573:smoothing
data573:detach
data573:smoothing csv write
data573:smoothing csv write 2
data573:pearson
data574:squeez
data574:smoothing
data574:detach
data574:smoothing csv write
data574:smoothing csv write 2
data574:pearson
data575:squeez
data575:smoothing
data575:detach
data575:smoothing csv write
data575:smoothing csv write 2
data575:pearson
data576:squeez
data576:smoothing
data576:detach
data576:smoothing csv write
data576:smoothing csv write 2
data576:pearson
data576:pearson csv write
data577:squeez
data577:smoothing
data577:detach
data577:smoothing csv write
data577:smoothing csv write 2
data577:pearson
data578:squeez
data578:smoothing
data578:detach
data578:smoothing csv write
data578:smoothing csv write 2
data578:pearson
data579:squeez
data579:smoothing
data579:detach
data579:smoothing csv write
data579:smoothing csv write 2
data579:pearson
data580:squeez
data580:smoothing
data580:detach
data580:smoothing csv write
data580:smoothing csv write 2
data580:pearson
data581:squeez
data581:smoothing
data581:detach
data581:smoothing csv write
data581:smoothing csv write 2
data581:pearson
data582:squeez
data582:smoothing
data582:detach
data582:smoothing csv write
data582:smoothing csv write 2
data582:pearson
data583:squeez
data583:smoothing
data583:detach
data583:smoothing csv write
data583:smoothing csv write 2
data583:pearson
data584:squeez
data584:smoothing
data584:detach
data584:smoothing csv write
data584:smoothing csv write 2
data584:pearson
data585:squeez
data585:smoothing
data585:detach
data585:smoothing csv write
data585:smoothing csv write 2
data585:pearson
data586:squeez
data586:smoothing
data586:detach
data586:smoothing csv write
data586:smoothing csv write 2
data586:pearson
data587:squeez
data587:smoothing
data587:detach
data587:smoothing csv write
data587:smoothing csv write 2
data587:pearson
data588:squeez
data588:smoothing
data588:detach
data588:smoothing csv write
data588:smoothing csv write 2
data588:pearson
data589:squeez
data589:smoothing
data589:detach
data589:smoothing csv write
data589:smoothing csv write 2
data589:pearson
data590:squeez
data590:smoothing
data590:detach
data590:smoothing csv write
data590:smoothing csv write 2
data590:pearson
data591:squeez
data591:smoothing
data591:detach
data591:smoothing csv write
data591:smoothing csv write 2
data591:pearson
data592:squeez
data592:smoothing
data592:detach
data592:smoothing csv write
data592:smoothing csv write 2
data592:pearson
data593:squeez
data593:smoothing
data593:detach
data593:smoothing csv write
data593:smoothing csv write 2
data593:pearson
data594:squeez
data594:smoothing
data594:detach
data594:smoothing csv write
data594:smoothing csv write 2
data594:pearson
data595:squeez
data595:smoothing
data595:detach
data595:smoothing csv write
data595:smoothing csv write 2
data595:pearson
data596:squeez
data596:smoothing
data596:detach
data596:smoothing csv write
data596:smoothing csv write 2
data596:pearson
data597:squeez
data597:smoothing
data597:detach
data597:smoothing csv write
data597:smoothing csv write 2
data597:pearson
data598:squeez
data598:smoothing
data598:detach
data598:smoothing csv write
data598:smoothing csv write 2
data598:pearson
data599:squeez
data599:smoothing
data599:detach
data599:smoothing csv write
data599:smoothing csv write 2
data599:pearson
data600:squeez
data600:smoothing
data600:detach
data600:smoothing csv write
data600:smoothing csv write 2
data600:pearson
data601:squeez
data601:smoothing
data601:detach
data601:smoothing csv write
data601:smoothing csv write 2
data601:pearson
data602:squeez
data602:smoothing
data602:detach
data602:smoothing csv write
data602:smoothing csv write 2
data602:pearson
data603:squeez
data603:smoothing
data603:detach
data603:smoothing csv write
data603:smoothing csv write 2
data603:pearson
data604:squeez
data604:smoothing
data604:detach
data604:smoothing csv write
data604:smoothing csv write 2
data604:pearson
data605:squeez
data605:smoothing
data605:detach
data605:smoothing csv write
data605:smoothing csv write 2
data605:pearson
data606:squeez
data606:smoothing
data606:detach
data606:smoothing csv write
data606:smoothing csv write 2
data606:pearson
data607:squeez
data607:smoothing
data607:detach
data607:smoothing csv write
data607:smoothing csv write 2
data607:pearson
data608:squeez
data608:smoothing
data608:detach
data608:smoothing csv write
data608:smoothing csv write 2
data608:pearson
data609:squeez
data609:smoothing
data609:detach
data609:smoothing csv write
data609:smoothing csv write 2
data609:pearson
data610:squeez
data610:smoothing
data610:detach
data610:smoothing csv write
data610:smoothing csv write 2
data610:pearson
data611:squeez
data611:smoothing
data611:detach
data611:smoothing csv write
data611:smoothing csv write 2
data611:pearson
data612:squeez
data612:smoothing
data612:detach
data612:smoothing csv write
data612:smoothing csv write 2
data612:pearson
data613:squeez
data613:smoothing
data613:detach
data613:smoothing csv write
data613:smoothing csv write 2
data613:pearson
data614:squeez
data614:smoothing
data614:detach
data614:smoothing csv write
data614:smoothing csv write 2
data614:pearson
data615:squeez
data615:smoothing
data615:detach
data615:smoothing csv write
data615:smoothing csv write 2
data615:pearson
data616:squeez
data616:smoothing
data616:detach
data616:smoothing csv write
data616:smoothing csv write 2
data616:pearson
data617:squeez
data617:smoothing
data617:detach
data617:smoothing csv write
data617:smoothing csv write 2
data617:pearson
data618:squeez
data618:smoothing
data618:detach
data618:smoothing csv write
data618:smoothing csv write 2
data618:pearson
data619:squeez
data619:smoothing
data619:detach
data619:smoothing csv write
data619:smoothing csv write 2
data619:pearson
data620:squeez
data620:smoothing
data620:detach
data620:smoothing csv write
data620:smoothing csv write 2
data620:pearson
data621:squeez
data621:smoothing
data621:detach
data621:smoothing csv write
data621:smoothing csv write 2
data621:pearson
data622:squeez
data622:smoothing
data622:detach
data622:smoothing csv write
data622:smoothing csv write 2
data622:pearson
data623:squeez
data623:smoothing
data623:detach
data623:smoothing csv write
data623:smoothing csv write 2
data623:pearson
data624:squeez
data624:smoothing
data624:detach
data624:smoothing csv write
data624:smoothing csv write 2
data624:pearson
data625:squeez
data625:smoothing
data625:detach
data625:smoothing csv write
data625:smoothing csv write 2
data625:pearson
data626:squeez
data626:smoothing
data626:detach
data626:smoothing csv write
data626:smoothing csv write 2
data626:pearson
data627:squeez
data627:smoothing
data627:detach
data627:smoothing csv write
data627:smoothing csv write 2
data627:pearson
data628:squeez
data628:smoothing
data628:detach
data628:smoothing csv write
data628:smoothing csv write 2
data628:pearson
data629:squeez
data629:smoothing
data629:detach
data629:smoothing csv write
data629:smoothing csv write 2
data629:pearson
data630:squeez
data630:smoothing
data630:detach
data630:smoothing csv write
data630:smoothing csv write 2
data630:pearson
data631:squeez
data631:smoothing
data631:detach
data631:smoothing csv write
data631:smoothing csv write 2
data631:pearson
data632:squeez
data632:smoothing
data632:detach
data632:smoothing csv write
data632:smoothing csv write 2
data632:pearson
data633:squeez
data633:smoothing
data633:detach
data633:smoothing csv write
data633:smoothing csv write 2
data633:pearson
data634:squeez
data634:smoothing
data634:detach
data634:smoothing csv write
data634:smoothing csv write 2
data634:pearson
data635:squeez
data635:smoothing
data635:detach
data635:smoothing csv write
data635:smoothing csv write 2
data635:pearson
data636:squeez
data636:smoothing
data636:detach
data636:smoothing csv write
data636:smoothing csv write 2
data636:pearson
data637:squeez
data637:smoothing
data637:detach
data637:smoothing csv write
data637:smoothing csv write 2
data637:pearson
data638:squeez
data638:smoothing
data638:detach
data638:smoothing csv write
data638:smoothing csv write 2
data638:pearson
data639:squeez
data639:smoothing
data639:detach
data639:smoothing csv write
data639:smoothing csv write 2
data639:pearson
data640:squeez
data640:smoothing
data640:detach
data640:smoothing csv write
data640:smoothing csv write 2
data640:pearson
data640:pearson csv write
data641:squeez
data641:smoothing
data641:detach
data641:smoothing csv write
data641:smoothing csv write 2
data641:pearson
data642:squeez
data642:smoothing
data642:detach
data642:smoothing csv write
data642:smoothing csv write 2
data642:pearson
data643:squeez
data643:smoothing
data643:detach
data643:smoothing csv write
data643:smoothing csv write 2
data643:pearson
data644:squeez
data644:smoothing
data644:detach
data644:smoothing csv write
data644:smoothing csv write 2
data644:pearson
data645:squeez
data645:smoothing
data645:detach
data645:smoothing csv write
data645:smoothing csv write 2
data645:pearson
data646:squeez
data646:smoothing
data646:detach
data646:smoothing csv write
data646:smoothing csv write 2
data646:pearson
data647:squeez
data647:smoothing
data647:detach
data647:smoothing csv write
data647:smoothing csv write 2
data647:pearson
data648:squeez
data648:smoothing
data648:detach
data648:smoothing csv write
data648:smoothing csv write 2
data648:pearson
data649:squeez
data649:smoothing
data649:detach
data649:smoothing csv write
data649:smoothing csv write 2
data649:pearson
data650:squeez
data650:smoothing
data650:detach
data650:smoothing csv write
data650:smoothing csv write 2
data650:pearson
data651:squeez
data651:smoothing
data651:detach
data651:smoothing csv write
data651:smoothing csv write 2
data651:pearson
data652:squeez
data652:smoothing
data652:detach
data652:smoothing csv write
data652:smoothing csv write 2
data652:pearson
data653:squeez
data653:smoothing
data653:detach
data653:smoothing csv write
data653:smoothing csv write 2
data653:pearson
data654:squeez
data654:smoothing
data654:detach
data654:smoothing csv write
data654:smoothing csv write 2
data654:pearson
data655:squeez
data655:smoothing
data655:detach
data655:smoothing csv write
data655:smoothing csv write 2
data655:pearson
data656:squeez
data656:smoothing
data656:detach
data656:smoothing csv write
data656:smoothing csv write 2
data656:pearson
data657:squeez
data657:smoothing
data657:detach
data657:smoothing csv write
data657:smoothing csv write 2
data657:pearson
data658:squeez
data658:smoothing
data658:detach
data658:smoothing csv write
data658:smoothing csv write 2
data658:pearson
data659:squeez
data659:smoothing
data659:detach
data659:smoothing csv write
data659:smoothing csv write 2
data659:pearson
data660:squeez
data660:smoothing
data660:detach
data660:smoothing csv write
data660:smoothing csv write 2
data660:pearson
data661:squeez
data661:smoothing
data661:detach
data661:smoothing csv write
data661:smoothing csv write 2
data661:pearson
data662:squeez
data662:smoothing
data662:detach
data662:smoothing csv write
data662:smoothing csv write 2
data662:pearson
data663:squeez
data663:smoothing
data663:detach
data663:smoothing csv write
data663:smoothing csv write 2
data663:pearson
data664:squeez
data664:smoothing
data664:detach
data664:smoothing csv write
data664:smoothing csv write 2
data664:pearson
data665:squeez
data665:smoothing
data665:detach
data665:smoothing csv write
data665:smoothing csv write 2
data665:pearson
data666:squeez
data666:smoothing
data666:detach
data666:smoothing csv write
data666:smoothing csv write 2
data666:pearson
data667:squeez
data667:smoothing
data667:detach
data667:smoothing csv write
data667:smoothing csv write 2
data667:pearson
data668:squeez
data668:smoothing
data668:detach
data668:smoothing csv write
data668:smoothing csv write 2
data668:pearson
data669:squeez
data669:smoothing
data669:detach
data669:smoothing csv write
data669:smoothing csv write 2
data669:pearson
data670:squeez
data670:smoothing
data670:detach
data670:smoothing csv write
data670:smoothing csv write 2
data670:pearson
data671:squeez
data671:smoothing
data671:detach
data671:smoothing csv write
data671:smoothing csv write 2
data671:pearson
data672:squeez
data672:smoothing
data672:detach
data672:smoothing csv write
data672:smoothing csv write 2
data672:pearson
data673:squeez
data673:smoothing
data673:detach
data673:smoothing csv write
data673:smoothing csv write 2
data673:pearson
data674:squeez
data674:smoothing
data674:detach
data674:smoothing csv write
data674:smoothing csv write 2
data674:pearson
data675:squeez
data675:smoothing
data675:detach
data675:smoothing csv write
data675:smoothing csv write 2
data675:pearson
data676:squeez
data676:smoothing
data676:detach
data676:smoothing csv write
data676:smoothing csv write 2
data676:pearson
data677:squeez
data677:smoothing
data677:detach
data677:smoothing csv write
data677:smoothing csv write 2
data677:pearson
data678:squeez
data678:smoothing
data678:detach
data678:smoothing csv write
data678:smoothing csv write 2
data678:pearson
data679:squeez
data679:smoothing
data679:detach
data679:smoothing csv write
data679:smoothing csv write 2
data679:pearson
data680:squeez
data680:smoothing
data680:detach
data680:smoothing csv write
data680:smoothing csv write 2
data680:pearson
data681:squeez
data681:smoothing
data681:detach
data681:smoothing csv write
data681:smoothing csv write 2
data681:pearson
data682:squeez
data682:smoothing
data682:detach
data682:smoothing csv write
data682:smoothing csv write 2
data682:pearson
data683:squeez
data683:smoothing
data683:detach
data683:smoothing csv write
data683:smoothing csv write 2
data683:pearson
data684:squeez
data684:smoothing
data684:detach
data684:smoothing csv write
data684:smoothing csv write 2
data684:pearson
data685:squeez
data685:smoothing
data685:detach
data685:smoothing csv write
data685:smoothing csv write 2
data685:pearson
data686:squeez
data686:smoothing
data686:detach
data686:smoothing csv write
data686:smoothing csv write 2
data686:pearson
data687:squeez
data687:smoothing
data687:detach
data687:smoothing csv write
data687:smoothing csv write 2
data687:pearson
data688:squeez
data688:smoothing
data688:detach
data688:smoothing csv write
data688:smoothing csv write 2
data688:pearson
data689:squeez
data689:smoothing
data689:detach
data689:smoothing csv write
data689:smoothing csv write 2
data689:pearson
data690:squeez
data690:smoothing
data690:detach
data690:smoothing csv write
data690:smoothing csv write 2
data690:pearson
data691:squeez
data691:smoothing
data691:detach
data691:smoothing csv write
data691:smoothing csv write 2
data691:pearson
data692:squeez
data692:smoothing
data692:detach
data692:smoothing csv write
data692:smoothing csv write 2
data692:pearson
data693:squeez
data693:smoothing
data693:detach
data693:smoothing csv write
data693:smoothing csv write 2
data693:pearson
data694:squeez
data694:smoothing
data694:detach
data694:smoothing csv write
data694:smoothing csv write 2
data694:pearson
data695:squeez
data695:smoothing
data695:detach
data695:smoothing csv write
data695:smoothing csv write 2
data695:pearson
data696:squeez
data696:smoothing
data696:detach
data696:smoothing csv write
data696:smoothing csv write 2
data696:pearson
data697:squeez
data697:smoothing
data697:detach
data697:smoothing csv write
data697:smoothing csv write 2
data697:pearson
data698:squeez
data698:smoothing
data698:detach
data698:smoothing csv write
data698:smoothing csv write 2
data698:pearson
data699:squeez
data699:smoothing
data699:detach
data699:smoothing csv write
data699:smoothing csv write 2
data699:pearson
data700:squeez
data700:smoothing
data700:detach
data700:smoothing csv write
data700:smoothing csv write 2
data700:pearson
data701:squeez
data701:smoothing
data701:detach
data701:smoothing csv write
data701:smoothing csv write 2
data701:pearson
data702:squeez
data702:smoothing
data702:detach
data702:smoothing csv write
data702:smoothing csv write 2
data702:pearson
data703:squeez
data703:smoothing
data703:detach
data703:smoothing csv write
data703:smoothing csv write 2
data703:pearson
data704:squeez
data704:smoothing
data704:detach
data704:smoothing csv write
data704:smoothing csv write 2
data704:pearson
data704:pearson csv write
data705:squeez
data705:smoothing
data705:detach
data705:smoothing csv write
data705:smoothing csv write 2
data705:pearson
data706:squeez
data706:smoothing
data706:detach
data706:smoothing csv write
data706:smoothing csv write 2
data706:pearson
data707:squeez
data707:smoothing
data707:detach
data707:smoothing csv write
data707:smoothing csv write 2
data707:pearson
data708:squeez
data708:smoothing
data708:detach
data708:smoothing csv write
data708:smoothing csv write 2
data708:pearson
data709:squeez
data709:smoothing
data709:detach
data709:smoothing csv write
data709:smoothing csv write 2
data709:pearson
data710:squeez
data710:smoothing
data710:detach
data710:smoothing csv write
data710:smoothing csv write 2
data710:pearson
data711:squeez
data711:smoothing
data711:detach
data711:smoothing csv write
data711:smoothing csv write 2
data711:pearson
data712:squeez
data712:smoothing
data712:detach
data712:smoothing csv write
data712:smoothing csv write 2
data712:pearson
data713:squeez
data713:smoothing
data713:detach
data713:smoothing csv write
data713:smoothing csv write 2
data713:pearson
data714:squeez
data714:smoothing
data714:detach
data714:smoothing csv write
data714:smoothing csv write 2
data714:pearson
data715:squeez
data715:smoothing
data715:detach
data715:smoothing csv write
data715:smoothing csv write 2
data715:pearson
data716:squeez
data716:smoothing
data716:detach
data716:smoothing csv write
data716:smoothing csv write 2
data716:pearson
data717:squeez
data717:smoothing
data717:detach
data717:smoothing csv write
data717:smoothing csv write 2
data717:pearson
data718:squeez
data718:smoothing
data718:detach
data718:smoothing csv write
data718:smoothing csv write 2
data718:pearson
data719:squeez
data719:smoothing
data719:detach
data719:smoothing csv write
data719:smoothing csv write 2
data719:pearson
data720:squeez
data720:smoothing
data720:detach
data720:smoothing csv write
data720:smoothing csv write 2
data720:pearson
data721:squeez
data721:smoothing
data721:detach
data721:smoothing csv write
data721:smoothing csv write 2
data721:pearson
data722:squeez
data722:smoothing
data722:detach
data722:smoothing csv write
data722:smoothing csv write 2
data722:pearson
data723:squeez
data723:smoothing
data723:detach
data723:smoothing csv write
data723:smoothing csv write 2
data723:pearson
data724:squeez
data724:smoothing
data724:detach
data724:smoothing csv write
data724:smoothing csv write 2
data724:pearson
data725:squeez
data725:smoothing
data725:detach
data725:smoothing csv write
data725:smoothing csv write 2
data725:pearson
data726:squeez
data726:smoothing
data726:detach
data726:smoothing csv write
data726:smoothing csv write 2
data726:pearson
data727:squeez
data727:smoothing
data727:detach
data727:smoothing csv write
data727:smoothing csv write 2
data727:pearson
data728:squeez
data728:smoothing
data728:detach
data728:smoothing csv write
data728:smoothing csv write 2
data728:pearson
data729:squeez
data729:smoothing
data729:detach
data729:smoothing csv write
data729:smoothing csv write 2
data729:pearson
data730:squeez
data730:smoothing
data730:detach
data730:smoothing csv write
data730:smoothing csv write 2
data730:pearson
data731:squeez
data731:smoothing
data731:detach
data731:smoothing csv write
data731:smoothing csv write 2
data731:pearson
data732:squeez
data732:smoothing
data732:detach
data732:smoothing csv write
data732:smoothing csv write 2
data732:pearson
data733:squeez
data733:smoothing
data733:detach
data733:smoothing csv write
data733:smoothing csv write 2
data733:pearson
data734:squeez
data734:smoothing
data734:detach
data734:smoothing csv write
data734:smoothing csv write 2
data734:pearson
data735:squeez
data735:smoothing
data735:detach
data735:smoothing csv write
data735:smoothing csv write 2
data735:pearson
data736:squeez
data736:smoothing
data736:detach
data736:smoothing csv write
data736:smoothing csv write 2
data736:pearson
data737:squeez
data737:smoothing
data737:detach
data737:smoothing csv write
data737:smoothing csv write 2
data737:pearson
data738:squeez
data738:smoothing
data738:detach
data738:smoothing csv write
data738:smoothing csv write 2
data738:pearson
data739:squeez
data739:smoothing
data739:detach
data739:smoothing csv write
data739:smoothing csv write 2
data739:pearson
data740:squeez
data740:smoothing
data740:detach
data740:smoothing csv write
data740:smoothing csv write 2
data740:pearson
data741:squeez
data741:smoothing
data741:detach
data741:smoothing csv write
data741:smoothing csv write 2
data741:pearson
data742:squeez
data742:smoothing
data742:detach
data742:smoothing csv write
data742:smoothing csv write 2
data742:pearson
data743:squeez
data743:smoothing
data743:detach
data743:smoothing csv write
data743:smoothing csv write 2
data743:pearson
data744:squeez
data744:smoothing
data744:detach
data744:smoothing csv write
data744:smoothing csv write 2
data744:pearson
data745:squeez
data745:smoothing
data745:detach
data745:smoothing csv write
data745:smoothing csv write 2
data745:pearson
data746:squeez
data746:smoothing
data746:detach
data746:smoothing csv write
data746:smoothing csv write 2
data746:pearson
data747:squeez
data747:smoothing
data747:detach
data747:smoothing csv write
data747:smoothing csv write 2
data747:pearson
data748:squeez
data748:smoothing
data748:detach
data748:smoothing csv write
data748:smoothing csv write 2
data748:pearson
data749:squeez
data749:smoothing
data749:detach
data749:smoothing csv write
data749:smoothing csv write 2
data749:pearson
data750:squeez
data750:smoothing
data750:detach
data750:smoothing csv write
data750:smoothing csv write 2
data750:pearson
data751:squeez
data751:smoothing
data751:detach
data751:smoothing csv write
data751:smoothing csv write 2
data751:pearson
data752:squeez
data752:smoothing
data752:detach
data752:smoothing csv write
data752:smoothing csv write 2
data752:pearson
data753:squeez
data753:smoothing
data753:detach
data753:smoothing csv write
data753:smoothing csv write 2
data753:pearson
data754:squeez
data754:smoothing
data754:detach
data754:smoothing csv write
data754:smoothing csv write 2
data754:pearson
data755:squeez
data755:smoothing
data755:detach
data755:smoothing csv write
data755:smoothing csv write 2
data755:pearson
data756:squeez
data756:smoothing
data756:detach
data756:smoothing csv write
data756:smoothing csv write 2
data756:pearson
data757:squeez
data757:smoothing
data757:detach
data757:smoothing csv write
data757:smoothing csv write 2
data757:pearson
data758:squeez
data758:smoothing
data758:detach
data758:smoothing csv write
data758:smoothing csv write 2
data758:pearson
data759:squeez
data759:smoothing
data759:detach
data759:smoothing csv write
data759:smoothing csv write 2
data759:pearson
data760:squeez
data760:smoothing
data760:detach
data760:smoothing csv write
data760:smoothing csv write 2
data760:pearson
data761:squeez
